[Tree View] Polish the default design & revise the simple version pages (#11529)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/tree-view/simple-tree-view/expansion/expansion.md

# Simple Tree View - Expansion

<p class="description">Learn how to handle expanding and collapsing Tree View items.</p>

## Controlled expansion

> Use the `expanded` prop to control the expanded items.
> You can also use the `onNodeToggle` prop to listen to changes in the expanded items and update the prop accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `expandedNodes` prop to control the expanded items.
You can also use the `onExpandedNodesChange` prop to listen to changes in the expanded items and update the prop accordingly.
```
